chore(curriculum): add css floats and positioning transcripts (#58983)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-understanding-how-to-work-with-floats-and-positioning-in-css/672c3a84fb8d4613776cc99e.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What is relative positioning, and how does this differ from the default static positioning?

In CSS, positioning allows us to control how elements are laid out on a page. Two common types of positioning are static positioning and relative positioning. By default, elements are statically positioned. This means they follow the normal flow of the document, one after another, from top to bottom, left to right. 

> Static positioning is the default for all elements and doesn’t need any special declaration in CSS. You won’t notice anything different when using static positioning because it just keeps elements where they naturally occur in the document. Here is an example of a paragraph using default static positioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static positioning is the default for all elements and doesn't need any special declaration in CSS. You won't notice anything different when using static positioning because it just keeps elements where they naturally occur in the document. Here is an example of a paragraph using default static positioning:
```
